docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Provider for managing Illumio CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure Provider

A Provider for managing Illumio CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure the Illumio CloudSecure provider using the required_providers stanza.
terraform {
  required_providers {
    illumio-cloudsecure = {
      source  = "illumio/illumio-cloudsecure"
      version = "~> 0.1"
    }
  }
}

# Onboard an AWS account
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account" "example" {
  # ...
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) OAuth 2 access token used to authenticate against the CloudSecure Config API. Either client_id+client_secret or access_token must be specified.
- `api_endpoint` (String) CloudSecure Config API endpoint, defaults to dns:///cloud.illum.io:443.
- `client_id` (String) OAuth 2 client identifier used to authenticate against the CloudSecure Config API. Either client_id+client_secret or access_token must be specified.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth 2 client secret used to authenticate against the CloudSecure Config API. Either client_id+client_secret or access_token must be specified.
- `disable_tls` (Boolean) Disables TLS for all requests to the CloudSecure Token and Config API endpoints. TLS is enabled by default. Should only be used for testing the provider.
- `request_timeout` (String) Maximum duration of each API request, defaults to 10s.
- `token_endpoint` (String) CloudSecure OAuth 2 Token endpoint, defaults to https://cloud.illum.io/token.

Commit message:

Improve authentication support
Add TLS support to fakeserver using a self-signed TLS cert.
Remove the option to disable TLS.
Add the option to disable TLS cert verification.

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Provider for managing Illumio CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure Provider

A Provider for managing Illumio CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure the Illumio CloudSecure provider using the required_providers stanza.
terraform {
  required_providers {
    illumio-cloudsecure = {
      source  = "illumio/illumio-cloudsecure"
      version = "~> 0.1"
    }
  }
}

# Onboard an AWS account
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account" "example" {
  # ...
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) OAuth 2 access token used to authenticate against the CloudSecure Config API. Either client_id+client_secret or access_token must be specified.
- `api_endpoint` (String) CloudSecure Config API endpoint, defaults to dns:///cloud.illum.io:443.
- `client_id` (String) OAuth 2 client identifier used to authenticate against the CloudSecure Config API. Either client_id+client_secret or access_token must be specified.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth 2 client secret used to authenticate against the CloudSecure Config API. Either client_id+client_secret or access_token must be specified.
- `insecure_tls` (Boolean) Disables TLS server certificate verification for all requests to the CloudSecure Config API and Token endpoints. Server certificate verification is enabled by default. Should only be used for testing the provider.
- `request_timeout` (String) Maximum duration of each API request, defaults to 10s.
- `token_endpoint` (String) CloudSecure OAuth 2 Token endpoint, defaults to https://cloud.illum.io/token.
