---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an application in CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application (Resource)

Manages an application in CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azurerm_subscription" "current" {}
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Define a deployment and an application

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_deployment" "test_deployment" {
  name                   = "Production"
  description            = "Production deployment"
  azure_subscription_ids = [data.azurerm_subscription.current.id]
  aws_account_ids        = [data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id]
}


resource "illumio-cloudsecure_application" "test_application" {
  name          = "MyApplication"
  description   = "My example application"
  deployment_id = illumio-cloudsecure_deployment.test_deployment.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `deployment_id` (String) ID of the CloudSecure deployment.
- `name` (String) Display name for the CloudSecure application.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the CloudSecure application.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Maximum duration of each Create API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) Maximum duration of each Delete API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for Delete API requests is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) Maximum duration of each Read API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `update` (String) Maximum duration of each Update API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
