docs/resources/application_aws_resources.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a set of AWS resources belonging to a single AWS account that are associated with a CloudSecure application.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources (Resource)

Manages a set of AWS resources belonging to a single AWS account that are associated with a CloudSecure application.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) ID of the AWS account the AWS resources belong to.
- `application_id` (String) ID of the CloudSecure application.

### Optional

- `arns` (List of String) ARNs of AWS resources to associate with the CloudSecure application
- `aws_customer_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS customer gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_dx_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Direct Connect connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_dx_virtual_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Direct Connect virtual interfaces (public/private/hosted/transit) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ebs_volume_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EBS volumes to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 Instance connect endpoints to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_attachment_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway attachments (peering/vpc) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway multicast domains to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway route tables to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_egress_only_internet_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS egress-only Internet gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_eip_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Elastic IPs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_flow_log_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Flow Logs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_instances_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 instances to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_internet_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Internet Gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_nat_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS NAT Gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_network_acl_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS network ACLs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_network_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Elastic Network Interfaces (ENI) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_rds_cluster_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS RDS database clusters to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_route_table_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC routing tables to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_security_group_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS security groups to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_security_group_rule_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS security group rules to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_spot_fleet_request_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS spot fleet requests to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_spot_instance_request_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS spot instance requests to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS subnets to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_endpoint_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC endpoints to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_endpoint_service_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC endpoint services to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPCs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_peering_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC peering connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpn_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPN connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpn_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPN gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

Commit message:

application_aws_resources/application_azure_resources: Add application_resource_ids and update id attributes (#149)
Co-authored-by: shireesh gadidesi <shireesh.gadidesi@illumio.com>
Co-authored-by: Romain Lenglet <romain.lenglet@berabera.info>

docs/resources/application_aws_resources.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a set of AWS resources belonging to a single AWS account that are associated with a CloudSecure application.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources (Resource)

Manages a set of AWS resources belonging to a single AWS account that are associated with a CloudSecure application.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) ID of the AWS account the AWS resources belong to.
- `application_id` (String) ID of the CloudSecure application.

### Optional

- `arns` (List of String) ARNs of AWS resources to associate with the CloudSecure application
- `aws_customer_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS customer gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_dx_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Direct Connect connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_dx_virtual_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Direct Connect virtual interfaces (public/private/hosted/transit) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ebs_volume_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EBS volumes to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 Instance connect endpoints to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_attachment_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway attachments (peering/vpc) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway multicast domains to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway route tables to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_egress_only_internet_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS egress-only Internet gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_eip_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Elastic IPs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_flow_log_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Flow Logs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_instances_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 instances to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_internet_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Internet Gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_nat_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS NAT Gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_network_acl_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS network ACLs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_network_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Elastic Network Interfaces (ENI) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_rds_cluster_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS RDS database clusters to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_route_table_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC routing tables to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_security_group_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS security groups to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_security_group_rule_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS security group rules to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_spot_fleet_request_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS spot fleet requests to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_spot_instance_request_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS spot instance requests to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS subnets to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_endpoint_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC endpoints to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_endpoint_service_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC endpoint services to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPCs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_peering_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC peering connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpn_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPN connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpn_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPN gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.

### Read-Only

- `application_resource_ids` (List of String) CloudSecure IDs of the resources in the CloudSecure application.
- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.
