docs/resources/application_policy_rule.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application_policy_rule Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages policy rules on CloudSecure applications.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application_policy_rule (Resource)

Manages policy rules on CloudSecure applications.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) The action to take for flows matched by the application policy rule. Must be `"Allow"`, `"Deny"` or `"OverrideDeny"`.
- `application_id` (String) ID of the CloudSecure application on which this rule is based.
- `to_ports` (List of Object) List of transport protocol ports to allow/deny traffic to. The `protocol` for each port must be `"TCP"` or `"UDP"`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--to_ports))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the application policy rule.
- `from_ip_list_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of IP lists to allow/deny traffic from.
- `from_labels` (List of Object) List of Cloudsecure labels of sources to allow/deny traffic from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--from_labels))
- `to_ip_list_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of IP lists to allow/deny traffic to.
- `to_labels` (List of Object) List of Cloudsecure labels of destinations to allow/deny traffic to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--to_labels))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedatt--to_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `to_ports`

Required:

- `port_number` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--from_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--to_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `to_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

Commit message:

application_policy_rule: Support override deny, external scope, and port ranges (#162)
Update the `application_policy_rule` resource schema to:
1. Support the `OverrideDeny` action.
1. Add the `external_scope` attribute to specify whether a rule is out
of the application scope.
1. Change `to_ports` to `to_port_ranges` to support port ranges instead
of single ports.

docs/resources/application_policy_rule.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application_policy_rule Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages policy rules on CloudSecure applications.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application_policy_rule (Resource)

Manages policy rules on CloudSecure applications.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) The action to take for flows matched by the application policy rule. Must be `"Allow"`, `"Deny"` or `"OverrideDeny"`.
- `application_id` (String) ID of the CloudSecure application on which this rule is based.
- `to_port_ranges` (List of Object) List of transport protocol ports to allow/deny traffic to. The `protocol` for each port must be `"TCP"` or `"UDP"`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--to_port_ranges))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the application policy rule.
- `external_scope` (Boolean) Specifies whether the application policy allow rule can be applied to scope outside the CloudSecure application. Applicable only for `"Allow"` action.
- `from_ip_list_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of IP lists to allow/deny traffic from.
- `from_labels` (List of Object) List of Cloudsecure labels of sources to allow/deny traffic from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--from_labels))
- `to_ip_list_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of IP lists to allow/deny traffic to.
- `to_labels` (List of Object) List of Cloudsecure labels of destinations to allow/deny traffic to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--to_labels))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedatt--to_port_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `to_port_ranges`

Required:

- `from_port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
- `to_port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--from_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--to_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `to_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
