---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application_resources Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resources associated with an application in the Illumio CloudSecure platform.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application_resources (Resource)

Resources associated with an application in the Illumio CloudSecure platform.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) ID of the application.

### Optional

- `aws_arns` (List of String) ARNs of AWS resources to associate with the Cloudsecure application
- `aws_codedeploy_applications` (List of String) IDs of aws codedeploy applications to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_codedeploy_deploymentgroups` (List of String) IDs of aws codedeploy deploymentgroups to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_directconnect_connections` (List of String) IDs of aws directconnect connections to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_directconnect_gateways` (List of String) IDs of aws directconnect gateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_directconnect_virtualinterfaces` (List of String) IDs of aws directconnect virtualinterfaces to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_customergateways` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 customergateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_egressonlyinternetgateways` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 egressonlyinternetgateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_eips` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 eips to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_flowlogs` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 flowlogs to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_instanceconnectendpoints` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 instanceconnectendpoints to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_instances` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 instances to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_internetgateways` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 internetgateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_natgateways` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 natgateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_networkacls` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 networkacls to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_networkinterfaces` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 networkinterfaces to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_routetabless` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 routetabless to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_securitygrouprules` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 securitygrouprules to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_securitygroups` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 securitygroups to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_spotfleetrequests` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 spotfleetrequests to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_spotinstancerequests` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 spotinstancerequests to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_subnets` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 subnets to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transitgatewayattachments` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 transitgatewayattachments to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transitgatewaymulticastdomains` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 transitgatewaymulticastdomains to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transitgatewayroutetables` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 transitgatewayroutetables to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transitgateways` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 transitgateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_volumes` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 volumes to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_vpcendpoints` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 vpcendpoints to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_vpcendpointservices` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 vpcendpointservices to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_vpcpeerings` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 vpcpeerings to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_vpcs` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 vpcs to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_vpnconnections` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 vpnconnections to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_vpngateways` (List of String) IDs of aws ec2 vpngateways to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_iam_accounts` (List of String) IDs of aws iam accounts to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_iam_users` (List of String) IDs of aws iam users to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `aws_rds_dbclusters` (List of String) IDs of aws rds dbclusters to associate with Cloudsecure Application.
- `azure_resources` (List of String) resource IDs of Azure to associate with the Cloudsecure application

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.
