---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a set of AWS resources belonging to a single AWS account that are associated with a CloudSecure application.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources (Resource)

Manages a set of AWS resources belonging to a single AWS account that are associated with a CloudSecure application.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Define a deployment and an application

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_deployment" "test_deployment" {
  name            = "Production"
  description     = "Production deployment"
  aws_account_ids = [data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id]
}

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_application" "test_application" {
  name          = "MyApplication"
  description   = "My example application"
  deployment_id = illumio-cloudsecure_deployment.test_deployment.id
}


# Add existing AWS resources to the application

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources" "aws_security_group_resources" {
  application_id = illumio-cloudsecure_application.test_application.id
  account_id     = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  aws_security_group_ids = [
    "sg-021b2bc8d1f6b2dec",
    "sg-0742cd5a71ccbfc67"
  ]
}

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources" "aws_arn_resources_and_internet_gateways" {
  application_id = illumio-cloudsecure_application.test_application.id
  account_id     = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  arns = [
    "arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:600325505726:key/6c44f35b-d3b5-4cef-9944-36b7df5d86c0",
    "arn:aws:s3bucketpolicy:::mys3bucketpolicy"
  ]
  aws_internet_gateway_ids = [
    "igw-0510c5ae3d648b857",
    "igw-0aa0dfc78b498845b"
  ]
}


# Create an S3 bucket and add it to the application

resource "aws_s3_bucket" "example_bucket" {
  bucket = "my-tf-test-bucket"

  tags = {
    Name        = "My bucket"
    Environment = "Dev"
  }
}


resource "illumio-cloudsecure_application_aws_resources" "aws_s3_bucket_resources" {
  application_id = illumio-cloudsecure_application.test_application.id
  account_id     = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  arns = [
    aws_s3_bucket.example_bucket.arn
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) ID of the AWS account the AWS resources belong to.
- `application_id` (String) ID of the CloudSecure application.

### Optional

- `arns` (List of String) ARNs of AWS resources to associate with the CloudSecure application
- `aws_customer_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS customer gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_dx_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Direct Connect connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_dx_virtual_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Direct Connect virtual interfaces (public/private/hosted/transit) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ebs_volume_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EBS volumes to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 Instance connect endpoints to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_attachment_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway attachments (peering/vpc) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway multicast domains to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 transit gateway route tables to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_egress_only_internet_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS egress-only Internet gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_eip_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Elastic IPs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_flow_log_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Flow Logs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_instances_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS EC2 instances to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_internet_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Internet Gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_nat_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS NAT Gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_network_acl_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS network ACLs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_network_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS Elastic Network Interfaces (ENI) to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_rds_cluster_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS RDS database clusters to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_route_table_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC routing tables to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_security_group_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS security groups to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_security_group_rule_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS security group rules to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_spot_fleet_request_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS spot fleet requests to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_spot_instance_request_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS spot instance requests to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS subnets to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_endpoint_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC endpoints to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_endpoint_service_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC endpoint services to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPCs to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpc_peering_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPC peering connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpn_connection_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPN connections to associate with the CloudSecure Application.
- `aws_vpn_gateway_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPN gateways to associate with the CloudSecure Application.

### Read-Only

- `application_resource_ids` (List of String) CloudSecure IDs of the resources in the CloudSecure application.
- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.
