docs/resources/aws_account.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an AWS account in CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account (Resource)

Manages an AWS account in CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account" "account_example" {
  account_id       = "812713887999"
  account_type     = "Account"
  name             = "Test AWS Account"
  role_arn         = "arn:aws:iam::812713887999:role/IllumioAccess"
  role_external_id = "eb287482f5824fab8a6988252d56eb6d"

  # Optional attributes
  mode = "ReadWrite"
}


resource "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account" "org_example" {
  account_id            = "812713887999"
  account_type          = "Organization"
  name                  = "Test AWS Org"
  role_arn              = "arn:aws:iam::812713887999:role/IllumioAccess"
  role_external_id      = "eb287482f5824fab8a6988252d56eb6d"
  management_account_id = "965208753613"
  organization_id       = "o-3eehyj6qk0"

  # Optional attributes
  mode = "ReadWrite"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) AWS account ID.
- `account_type` (String) AWS account type, must be `"Account"` or `"Organization"`.
- `name` (String) Display name.
- `role_arn` (String) ARN of the AWS role to be assumed by CloudSecure to manage this account.
- `role_external_id` (String) External ID defined in the AWS role to authenticate CloudSecure when assuming that role.

### Optional

- `management_account_id` (String) AWS organization management account ID. If specified, `organization_id` must also be specified. Required if `account_type` is `"Organization"`.
- `mode` (String) Access mode, must be `"ReadWrite"` (default) or `"Read"`.
- `organization_id` (String) AWS organization ID. If specified, the whole AWS organization is onboarded instead of just the AWS account. If specified, `management_account_id` must also be specified. Required if `account_type` is `"Organization"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

Commit message:

Split aws_account resource into aws_account and aws_organization (#52)
Update the aws_account resource to only support non-org-management accounts.
Remove unnecessary attributes: account_type and management_account_id.
Rename organization_id attribute into organization_master_account_id and change its semantics, because the backend correlates accounts using the org's management/master account ID instead of the organization ID.

Fix the modes of aws_account attributes.
Replace incorrect usages of WriteOnlyOnceAttributeMode with ImmutableAttributeMode.
Add the missing RequiresReplace plan modifier to each ImmutableAttributeMode attribute.

Reorder attributes by lexicographic order in the schema.

Define a new aws_organization resource specific to org accounts.

Update resource examples.

docs/resources/aws_account.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an AWS account in CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account (Resource)

Manages an AWS account in CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_aws_account" "account_example" {
  account_id       = "812713887999"
  name             = "Test AWS Account"
  role_arn         = "arn:aws:iam::812713887999:role/IllumioAccess"
  role_external_id = "eb287482f5824fab8a6988252d56eb6d"

  # Optional attributes
  organization_master_account_id = "965208753613"
  mode                           = "ReadWrite"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) AWS account ID.
- `name` (String) Display name for the AWS account.
- `role_arn` (String) ARN of the AWS role to be assumed by CloudSecure to manage this account.
- `role_external_id` (String) External ID defined in the AWS role to authenticate CloudSecure when assuming that role.

### Optional

- `mode` (String) Access mode, must be `"ReadWrite"` (default) or `"Read"`.
- `organization_master_account_id` (String) ID of the master account of the AWS organization this account belongs to. If specified, should be the `master_account_id` of an `aws_organization`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.
