docs/resources/azure_subscription.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_subscription Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Azure subscription in CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_azure_subscription (Resource)

Manages an Azure subscription in CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_subscription" "subscription_example" {
  client_id       = "ZDIASAD7RGBTESTJUPUJ"
  client_secret   = "iam12TsTe1s17h7M27e8REGw7oqGocKR2ZDveZsM"
  name            = "Test Azure Subscription"
  subscription_id = "6a879a4d-efdc-4b07-ad91-1919203356f5"
  tenant_id       = "de6b88d1-8289-4d5c-9453-f5c003e8dd51"

  # Optional attributes
  mode = "ReadWrite"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The client_id of the Azure Active Directory App Service Principal used by CloudSecure to manage this subscription.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client_secret of the Azure Active Directory App Service Principal used by CloudSecure to manage this subscription.
- `name` (String) Display name for the Azure subscription.
- `subscription_id` (String) Azure subscription ID.
- `tenant_id` (String) ID of the Azure tenant.

### Optional

- `mode` (String) Access mode, must be `"ReadWrite"` (default) or `"Read"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

Commit message:

Add example usage and supported icon types for CloudSecure resources (#203)
- it improves our documentation for three resources ip_lists
policy_rules tag_to_label
- added examples on using modules for aws and azure onboarding and flow
logs.
- added supported icon names to the tag_to_label

### Schema and API Enhancements:
* Added a new `SupportedIconTypes` variable in
`api/schema/tag_to_label_resource.go`, containing an extensive list of
supported icon names for CloudSecure labels. This list is dynamically
referenced in resource documentation.
* Updated the `icon` attribute in `tag_to_label_resource.go` to include
a detailed Markdown description listing all supported icon names.

### Documentation Improvements:

#### Example Usage Additions:
* Added detailed example usage for the following resources:
- `application_policy_rule` in `application_policy_rule.md` and
`resource.tf`.
[[1]](diffhunk://#diff-2e0ad8463df49c3f540e4cde4865e172fe1b2cd0ee08b39ecbfd01f90a7503e3L13-R52)
[[2]](diffhunk://#diff-6b87eed6be83e2a4a8d8ad54175e12ab96e416840b6c6ff6f5aa08995a2e873cR1-R36)
  - `ip_list` in `ip_list.md`.
  - `tag_to_label` in `tag_to_label.md`.

These changes aim to improve usability for developers, ensure accurate
documentation, and encourage best practices when integrating with
Illumio CloudSecure.

docs/resources/azure_subscription.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_subscription Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Azure subscription in CloudSecure.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_azure_subscription (Resource)

Manages an Azure subscription in CloudSecure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
  ⚠️ Internal Use Only: This resource is intended solely for internal module development,
  where direct provisioning of Azure subscriptions is required for Illumio CloudSecure integration.

  Avoid using this resource directly in production or general use cases.

  Instead, use the officially supported `azure_subscription` module provided by Illumio,
  which abstracts authentication, permission scopes, and secure secret management.

  Module documentation:
  https://registry.terraform.io/modules/illumio/cloudsecure/illumio/latest/submodules/azure_subscription
*/

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_subscription" "managed_azure_subscription" {
  client_id       = "ZDIASAD7RGBTESTJUPUJ"
  client_secret   = "iam12TsTe1s17h7M27e8REGw7oqGocKR2ZDveZsM"
  name            = "Development Azure Subscription"
  subscription_id = "6a879a4d-efdc-4b07-ad91-1919203356f5"
  tenant_id       = "de6b88d1-8289-4d5c-9453-f5c003e8dd51"

  # Optional configuration
  mode = "ReadWrite"
}


/*
  ✅ Recommended Approach: Use the official Illumio CloudSecure module to onboard Azure subscriptions with Illumio CloudSecure.

  This module simplifies authentication, secret handling, and role assignment,
  promoting maintainable and secure infrastructure-as-code.

  Module example:
  https://github.com/illumio/terraform-illumio-cloudsecure/tree/main/examples/azure_subscription
*/
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The client_id of the Azure Active Directory App Service Principal used by CloudSecure to manage this subscription.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client_secret of the Azure Active Directory App Service Principal used by CloudSecure to manage this subscription.
- `name` (String) Display name for the Azure subscription.
- `subscription_id` (String) Azure subscription ID.
- `tenant_id` (String) ID of the Azure tenant.

### Optional

- `mode` (String) Access mode, must be `"ReadWrite"` (default) or `"Read"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.
