docs/resources/azure_flow_logs_storage_account.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_flow_logs_storage_account Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages CloudSecure access to flow logs in an Azure Storage Account.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_azure_flow_logs_storage_account (Resource)

Manages CloudSecure access to flow logs in an Azure Storage Account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_flow_logs_storage_account" "storage_account_example" {
  subscription_id             = "c219f111-9005-45d4-8bb3-4d50120d3ef2"
  storage_account_resource_id = "/subscriptions/randomids-d469-aghg-a4b4-asdsdasadas/resourceGroups/azrg-illumio/providers/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/illumioazuretest"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `storage_account_resource_id` (String) Resource ID of the Azure Storage Account containing flow logs.
- `subscription_id` (String) Azure subscription ID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

Commit message:

Add example usage and supported icon types for CloudSecure resources (#203)
- it improves our documentation for three resources ip_lists
policy_rules tag_to_label
- added examples on using modules for aws and azure onboarding and flow
logs.
- added supported icon names to the tag_to_label

### Schema and API Enhancements:
* Added a new `SupportedIconTypes` variable in
`api/schema/tag_to_label_resource.go`, containing an extensive list of
supported icon names for CloudSecure labels. This list is dynamically
referenced in resource documentation.
* Updated the `icon` attribute in `tag_to_label_resource.go` to include
a detailed Markdown description listing all supported icon names.

### Documentation Improvements:

#### Example Usage Additions:
* Added detailed example usage for the following resources:
- `application_policy_rule` in `application_policy_rule.md` and
`resource.tf`.
[[1]](diffhunk://#diff-2e0ad8463df49c3f540e4cde4865e172fe1b2cd0ee08b39ecbfd01f90a7503e3L13-R52)
[[2]](diffhunk://#diff-6b87eed6be83e2a4a8d8ad54175e12ab96e416840b6c6ff6f5aa08995a2e873cR1-R36)
  - `ip_list` in `ip_list.md`.
  - `tag_to_label` in `tag_to_label.md`.

These changes aim to improve usability for developers, ensure accurate
documentation, and encourage best practices when integrating with
Illumio CloudSecure.

docs/resources/azure_flow_logs_storage_account.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_flow_logs_storage_account Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages CloudSecure access to flow logs in an Azure Storage Account.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_azure_flow_logs_storage_account (Resource)

Manages CloudSecure access to flow logs in an Azure Storage Account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
  ⚠️ Internal Use Only: This resource is intended strictly for use within internal modules that
  directly manage Azure storage account registration for flow log ingestion in Illumio CloudSecure.

  Do not use this resource directly unless you are building or extending internal provisioning logic.

  For production and standard use cases, leverage the officially supported Illumio CloudSecure modules,
  which abstract permissions and configuration for secure, consistent deployment.

  Module documentation:
  https://registry.terraform.io/modules/illumio/cloudsecure/illumio/latest/submodules/azure_flow_logs_storage_accounts
*/

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_azure_flow_logs_storage_account" "managed_flow_log_storage_account" {
  subscription_id             = "c219f111-9005-45d4-8bb3-4d50120d3ef2"
  storage_account_resource_id = "/subscriptions/randomids-d469-aghg-a4b4-asdsdasadas/resourceGroups/azrg-illumio/providers/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/illumioazuretest"
}


/*
  ✅ Recommended Approach: Use the official Illumio CloudSecure module to integrate Azure subscriptions and
   storage accounts with Illumio CloudSecure.

  These modules encapsulate authentication, role-based access, and flow log storage configuration,
  ensuring alignment with Illumio best practices and simplifying onboarding across environments.

  Module example:
  https://github.com/illumio/terraform-illumio-cloudsecure/tree/main/examples/azure_flow_logs_storage_accounts
*/
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `storage_account_resource_id` (String) Resource ID of the Azure Storage Account containing flow logs.
- `subscription_id` (String) Azure subscription ID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.
