---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_deployment Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Groups resources under Cloudsecure deployments.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_deployment (Resource)

Groups resources under Cloudsecure deployments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azurerm_subscription" "current" {}
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_deployment" "test_deployment" {
  name                   = "Production"
  description            = "Production deployment"
  azure_subscription_ids = [data.azurerm_subscription.current.id]
  aws_account_ids        = [data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the CloudSecure deployment.

### Optional

- `aws_account_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS accounts included in this deployment.
- `aws_regions` (List of String) AWS regions included in this deployment.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS subnets included in this deployment.
- `aws_tags` (List of Object) AWS tags included in this deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_tags))
- `aws_vpc_ids` (List of String) IDs of AWS VPCs included in this deployment.
- `azure_regions` (List of String) Azure regions included in this deployment.
- `azure_subnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of Azure subnets included in this deployment.
- `azure_subscription_ids` (List of String) IDs of Azure subscriptions included in this deployment.
- `azure_tags` (List of Object) Azure tags included in this deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_tags))
- `azure_vnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of Azure VNets included in this deployment.
- `description` (String) Description of Cloudsecure deployment.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--azure_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Maximum duration of each Create API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) Maximum duration of each Delete API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for Delete API requests is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) Maximum duration of each Read API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `update` (String) Maximum duration of each Update API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
