---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_ip_list Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a list of IP address ranges to define CloudSecure policies.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_ip_list (Resource)

Manages a list of IP address ranges to define CloudSecure policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_ip_list" "internal_subnet_range" {
  name        = "internal_subnet_range"
  description = "IP range for internal subnet access control"

  ip_ranges = [
    {
      exclusion       = false
      from_ip_address = "10.0.0.1"
      to_ip_address   = "10.0.0.255"
    }
  ]
}

resource "illumio-cloudsecure_ip_list" "corporate_networks" {
  name        = "corporate_networks"
  description = "List of allowed and excluded corporate IP blocks"

  ip_addresses = [
    {
      exclusion  = false
      ip_address = "10.0.0.0/16"
    },
    {
      exclusion  = true
      ip_address = "10.0.10.0/24"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the IP list.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the IP list.
- `ip_addresses` (List of Object) List of IP addresses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_addresses))
- `ip_ranges` (List of Object) List of IP address ranges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_ranges))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedatt--ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_addresses`

Optional:

- `exclusion` (Boolean)
- `ip_address` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ip_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_ranges`

Optional:

- `exclusion` (Boolean)
- `from_ip_address` (String)
- `to_ip_address` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Maximum duration of each Create API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) Maximum duration of each Delete API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for Delete API requests is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) Maximum duration of each Read API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `update` (String) Maximum duration of each Update API request for this resource. If not specified, defaults to the provider's "request_timeout" attribute. Must be a string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
