docs/resources/tag_to_label.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_tag_to_label Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Maps cloud resource tags to CloudSecure labels.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_tag_to_label (Resource)

Maps cloud resource tags to CloudSecure labels.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_tag_to_label" "cloud_tag_environment" {
  name = "Environment"
  key  = "env"

  aws_tag_keys   = ["Environment", "Env"]
  azure_tag_keys = ["Environment"]

  icon = {
    name             = "access"
    foreground_color = "#ffffff"
    background_color = "#1E90FF"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `icon` (Object) Icon of the created CloudSecure labels. The supported icon names are: 
 > ``` access, across-enf-boundary-rtl, across-enf-boundary, ad-certificate, ad-federation, ad-lightweight-directory, ad-rights-management, ad, add-diff-classic, add-diff, add-user, add, adfs, admin, ai-star-no-fill, ai-star, all-workloads, allowlist, amazon-cognito, any, app-group-map, app, appgroup, application-definition-banner-modal, application-definition, application, arrow-curve-left-down, arrow-curve-left-up, arrow-curve-left, arrow-curve-right-down, arrow-curve-right-up, arrow-down-bold, arrow-down-bolder, arrow-down, arrow-left-long, arrow-left-to-bracket, arrow-left, arrow-right-long, arrow-right, arrow-switch-horizontal, arrow-switch-vertical, arrow-up-bold, arrow-up-bolder, arrow-up-down-switch, arrow-up, audit, auth0, aws-white, aws, azure, back-classic, back, bi-directional, bolt-filled, bookmark, brush-activate, brush-clear, brush-pause, calendar, cancel, cannot-write-rules, capslock, chart-curvy, chart-straight, check-classic, check-filled, check, chevron-double-left, chevron-double-right, circle-stop, clear, clipboard-list, close-classic, close, cloud-custom, cloud-workload, cloud, collapse-all, collapse-role, column, comment-classic, comment, container-workload, copy-new, copy, corporate, critical, customize-axis, dashboard-classic, dashboard, database, decrease, delete, deny, denylist, deployment, destination, disabled-none, disabled-status-classic, disabled-status, disabled, discover-rule-banner-modal, discovery-rule, document, down-classic, down, download-lightning, download, duplicate, edit-classic, edit-underline, edit, email, enabled, endpoint, enf-boundary-rtl, enf-boundary, enforce, enforced, env-classic, env, error-boundary, error-classic, error-filled, error, expand-role, expand, explore, export, external-link-classic, external-link, file-copy, file, filter-advanced, filter-widget, filter, flip-horizontal, flip-vertical, folder-filled, folder, gcp, global-map, global-rule, google-cloud, google-identity-platform, grab-handle-classic, grab-handle, graph-icon, grid, group, health, help-classic, help-menu, help, home-filled, how-to-read, howToRead-enforcement, howToRead-vulnerability, id, idle, illuminate, illumination, illumio-glyph, illumio-logo, illumio_glyph, impact, import, increase, info-classic, info-filled, info, infrastructure, inspect, internet, inuse-classic, inuse-full, inuse, ip-lists, jira, key, kubernetes-workload, layout-reset, layout, ldap, left, legend, lightbulb-outline, lightning-filter, link-new, link, list, loading, loc-outline, loc, local, lock-rounded, lock, machine-auth, manage, managed-tenants, map-ai-indicator, map-link-down, map-link-left, map-link, map-no-border, map, member-hide, member-show, menu, mesh, mode, more-grid, more-horizontal, more, move-tool, ms-entra-id, navigateup, network, next-classic, next, node-size, non-corporate, oci, oidc, okta, oneLogin, online, org, overflow, pair, parallel-icon, pause, pce-health, pen-ruler, pending, pin, pingIdentity, play-outline, play, policy, policyobj, pop-in-classic, pop-in, pop-out-classic, pop-out, potentially-blocked, private-address, progress-partial, progress, provision-classic, provision, refresh-classic, refresh-clock, refresh, remote-desktop, remove-diff-classic, remove-diff, remove-square, remove, reset, resize-handle, revert, right-classic, right, risk, role, run, saml, save, scope, search-alt, search-classic, search, secure-connect, selected, selection-tool, send, server, servers-endpoints, servers, service-category-placeholder, service-category, service-role-placeholder, service-role, service, settings-classic, settings, slack, sort-down, sort-up, sort, source, staged, star-outline, star, stars, starter-page-graphic, stop, stopped, suspended, syncing, t2l, table-list-close, table-list-open, table, third-party, thumbs-down-hollow, thumbs-down, thumbs-up-hollow, thumbs-up, time-count, time, traffic, troubleshoot, unlink, unlock, unlocked, unmanaged, unpair, up-classic, up, upload, usage, user-add-new, user, userprof, ven, version, video, virtual-server, virtual-service, warning-classic, warning-filled, warning, workload, zoom-in, zoom-out, zoom-to-fit-classic, zoom-to-fit ``` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon))
- `key` (String) Key of the created CloudSecure labels.
- `name` (String) Display name of the created CloudSecure labels.

### Optional

- `aws_tag_keys` (Set of String) Sets of keys of AWS resource tags to map to CloudSecure labels with the same keys. The values of the created labels correspond to the values of the tags.
- `azure_tag_keys` (Set of String) Set of keys of Azure resource tags to map to CloudSecure labels with the same keys. The values of the created labels correspond to the values of the tags.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedatt--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon`

Required:

- `background_color` (String)
- `foreground_color` (String)
- `name` (String)

Commit message:

tag_to_label: Add support for GCP resource labels (#283)

docs/resources/tag_to_label.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-cloudsecure_tag_to_label Resource - illumio-cloudsecure"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Maps cloud resource tags to CloudSecure labels.
---

# illumio-cloudsecure_tag_to_label (Resource)

Maps cloud resource tags to CloudSecure labels.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-cloudsecure_tag_to_label" "cloud_tag_environment" {
  name = "Environment"
  key  = "env"

  aws_tag_keys   = ["Environment", "Env"]
  azure_tag_keys = ["Environment"]

  icon = {
    name             = "access"
    foreground_color = "#ffffff"
    background_color = "#1E90FF"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `icon` (Object) Icon of the created CloudSecure labels. The supported icon names are: 
 > ``` access, across-enf-boundary-rtl, across-enf-boundary, ad-certificate, ad-federation, ad-lightweight-directory, ad-rights-management, ad, add-diff-classic, add-diff, add-user, add, adfs, admin, ai-star-no-fill, ai-star, all-workloads, allowlist, amazon-cognito, any, app-group-map, app, appgroup, application-definition-banner-modal, application-definition, application, arrow-curve-left-down, arrow-curve-left-up, arrow-curve-left, arrow-curve-right-down, arrow-curve-right-up, arrow-down-bold, arrow-down-bolder, arrow-down, arrow-left-long, arrow-left-to-bracket, arrow-left, arrow-right-long, arrow-right, arrow-switch-horizontal, arrow-switch-vertical, arrow-up-bold, arrow-up-bolder, arrow-up-down-switch, arrow-up, audit, auth0, aws-white, aws, azure, back-classic, back, bi-directional, bolt-filled, bookmark, brush-activate, brush-clear, brush-pause, calendar, cancel, cannot-write-rules, capslock, chart-curvy, chart-straight, check-classic, check-filled, check, chevron-double-left, chevron-double-right, circle-stop, clear, clipboard-list, close-classic, close, cloud-custom, cloud-workload, cloud, collapse-all, collapse-role, column, comment-classic, comment, container-workload, copy-new, copy, corporate, critical, customize-axis, dashboard-classic, dashboard, database, decrease, delete, deny, denylist, deployment, destination, disabled-none, disabled-status-classic, disabled-status, disabled, discover-rule-banner-modal, discovery-rule, document, down-classic, down, download-lightning, download, duplicate, edit-classic, edit-underline, edit, email, enabled, endpoint, enf-boundary-rtl, enf-boundary, enforce, enforced, env-classic, env, error-boundary, error-classic, error-filled, error, expand-role, expand, explore, export, external-link-classic, external-link, file-copy, file, filter-advanced, filter-widget, filter, flip-horizontal, flip-vertical, folder-filled, folder, gcp, global-map, global-rule, google-cloud, google-identity-platform, grab-handle-classic, grab-handle, graph-icon, grid, group, health, help-classic, help-menu, help, home-filled, how-to-read, howToRead-enforcement, howToRead-vulnerability, id, idle, illuminate, illumination, illumio-glyph, illumio-logo, illumio_glyph, impact, import, increase, info-classic, info-filled, info, infrastructure, inspect, internet, inuse-classic, inuse-full, inuse, ip-lists, jira, key, kubernetes-workload, layout-reset, layout, ldap, left, legend, lightbulb-outline, lightning-filter, link-new, link, list, loading, loc-outline, loc, local, lock-rounded, lock, machine-auth, manage, managed-tenants, map-ai-indicator, map-link-down, map-link-left, map-link, map-no-border, map, member-hide, member-show, menu, mesh, mode, more-grid, more-horizontal, more, move-tool, ms-entra-id, navigateup, network, next-classic, next, node-size, non-corporate, oci, oidc, okta, oneLogin, online, org, overflow, pair, parallel-icon, pause, pce-health, pen-ruler, pending, pin, pingIdentity, play-outline, play, policy, policyobj, pop-in-classic, pop-in, pop-out-classic, pop-out, potentially-blocked, private-address, progress-partial, progress, provision-classic, provision, refresh-classic, refresh-clock, refresh, remote-desktop, remove-diff-classic, remove-diff, remove-square, remove, reset, resize-handle, revert, right-classic, right, risk, role, run, saml, save, scope, search-alt, search-classic, search, secure-connect, selected, selection-tool, send, server, servers-endpoints, servers, service-category-placeholder, service-category, service-role-placeholder, service-role, service, settings-classic, settings, slack, sort-down, sort-up, sort, source, staged, star-outline, star, stars, starter-page-graphic, stop, stopped, suspended, syncing, t2l, table-list-close, table-list-open, table, third-party, thumbs-down-hollow, thumbs-down, thumbs-up-hollow, thumbs-up, time-count, time, traffic, troubleshoot, unlink, unlock, unlocked, unmanaged, unpair, up-classic, up, upload, usage, user-add-new, user, userprof, ven, version, video, virtual-server, virtual-service, warning-classic, warning-filled, warning, workload, zoom-in, zoom-out, zoom-to-fit-classic, zoom-to-fit ``` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon))
- `key` (String) Key of the created CloudSecure labels.
- `name` (String) Display name of the created CloudSecure labels.

### Optional

- `aws_tag_keys` (Set of String) Sets of keys of AWS resource tags to map to CloudSecure labels with the same keys. The values of the created labels correspond to the values of the tags.
- `azure_tag_keys` (Set of String) Set of keys of Azure resource tags to map to CloudSecure labels with the same keys. The values of the created labels correspond to the values of the tags.
- `gcp_label_keys` (Set of String) Set of keys of GCP resource labels to map to CloudSecure labels with the same keys. The values of the created labels correspond to the values of the labels.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CloudSecure ID.

<a id="nestedatt--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon`

Required:

- `background_color` (String)
- `foreground_color` (String)
- `name` (String)
